## Privacy Policy
Calculendar is provided as a free and open source application. Calculendar is provided by the developers at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding policies around the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information of anyone using this application.

### Information Collection and Use
Calculendar Legacy does not use any analytics, and app data is not stored on or off device.

Calculendar uses a combination of Firebase analytics and Firebase Crashlytics to track and debug application crashes and other issues that end users may experience. The data reported cannot be used to identify a specific user. The application data collection is fully Opt-In for basic or advanced analytics, and can be opted out at any time through the application. Data collected can be requested by the users at any time, and if the user wishes to have the data deleted, they can have it deleted through a request as well.

To facilitate this, the application uses libraries for the below services

Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
Crashlytics

Google's Privacy policy can be viewed at the link below
https://policies.google.com/privacy

#### Links to Other Sites

This application contains links to LinkedIn, a third party site. If you use these links, the application will load the site. This external site is not operated by me and have seperate privacy policies. It is recommended that you read the privacy policy of the site before using the application links.

#### Cookies
While Calculendar does not explicitly use cookies for any purpose, the third party sites may utilize cookies for tracking or other means. The site should allow you to refuse cookies, but Calculendar has no control over these sites. 

#### Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at kenneth.fechter@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
